The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
What we think, we become.
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards.
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been.
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Each day provides its own gifts.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
With self-discipline most anything is possible.
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
The only journey is the one within.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as it will. Refuse to be average or to surrender to the chill of your spiritual environment.
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future.
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
I dwell in possibility.
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.
If there were no night, we would not appreciate the day, nor could we see the stars and the vastness of the heavens. We must partake of the bitter with the sweet. There is a divine purpose in the adversities we encounter every day. They prepare, they purge, they purify, and thus they bless.
The best way out is always through.
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.
You change your life by changing your heart.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
Look at a football field. It looks like a big movie screen. This is theatre. Football combines the strategy of chess. It's part ballet. It's part battleground, part playground. We clarify, amplify and glorify the game with our footage, the narration and that music, and in the end create an inspirational piece of footage.
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.
Prayer is man's greatest power!
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can.
Reach for the stars.
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
Brand is not a product, that's for sure; it's not one item. It's an idea, it's a theory, it's a meaning, it's how you carry yourself. It's aspirational, it's inspirational.
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.
Enthusiasm moves the world.
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
Give light and people will find the way.
The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility.
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today!
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars.
It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it.
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
From its brilliancy everything is illuminated.
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.
Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout.
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there.
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
It's a moment that I'm after, a fleeting moment, but not a frozen moment.
A place for everything, everything in its place.
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
Nothing is worth more than this day.
A concerted effort to preserve our heritage is a vital link to our cultural, educational, aesthetic, inspirational, and economic legacies - all of the things that quite literally make us who we are.
Light tomorrow with today!
Great hopes make great men.
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!
Ideas shape the course of history.
Like the United Nations, there is something inspirational about New York as a great melting pot of different cultures and traditions. And if this is the city that never sleeps, the United Nations works tirelessly, around the clock around the world.
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.
Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm.
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.
Courage, my friends; 'tis not too late to build a better world.
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.
I love those who yearn for the impossible.
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
Too low they build, who build beneath the stars.
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.
Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers.
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
We convince by our presence.
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind.
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it.
I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed.
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth; people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.
Create each day anew.
The authentic self is the soul made visible.
I don't dislike rappers or hip-hop or people who like it. I went to the Def Jam tour in Manchester in the '80s when rap was inspirational. Public Enemy were awesome. But it's all about status and bling now, and it doesn't say anything to me.
On the recollection of so many and great favours and blessings, I now, with a high sense of gratitude, presume to offer up my sincere thanks to the Almighty, the Creator and Preserver.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow.
I am so fresh in soul and spirit that life gushes and bubbles around me in a thousand springs.
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.
I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart.
We are here to make another world.
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone.
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher.
Act like you expect to get into the end zone.
At the end of the day, the one commonality that both Hindi cinema and Hollywood share is that they are full of talented and inspirational people. Outside of this, there are many differences, from the scheduling and rehearsal to promotion and directing techniques.
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
Be not entangled in this world of days and nights; Thou hast another time and space as well.
Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung.
Hope is but the dream of those who wake.
To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick.
What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass; it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me.
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.
There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves.
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
If someone says 'grunge' or 'punk,' you know what the sound is, but if you say 'No Wave,' it's kind of mysterious. That was the most interesting part and should have been the most inspirational thing about it... here's this collective sonic insanity, and none of it sounds anything alike.
I want to be motivational and inspirational for everybody: my big aim is more women on bicycles.
It's music. It's supposed to be fun and inspirational. You have to be inspired. If I did it because it was my 'job,' and I only did it to make money, I don't think I'd still be doing it.
It is such a luxury to open a new book that's highly recommended by friends - either an inspirational yet humorously self-deprecating memoir, or a page-turning piece of fiction.
Books are challenging and inspirational to me.
Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass!
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
Our time here is magic! It's the only space you have to realize whatever it is that is beautiful, whatever is true, whatever is great, whatever is potential, whatever is rare, whatever is unique, in. It's the only space.
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
Sport is something that is very inspirational for young people.
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
My goal in my career is to inspire people, is to get my music out there and have people enjoy it, and have people think of me as an inspirational artist.
I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.
My father, Oliver Hynes, was an educator. He was originally just a teacher, a very good one, but then he was promoted to be in charge of education for the entire area. He was always an inspirational teacher. He was my big personal supporter, always coming here for the Tony Awards. My mother, Carmel, was a homemaker.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
President Obama called for a 'we' nation in his Inauguration Address. Art convenes. It is not just inspirational. It is aspirational. It pricks the walls of our compartmentalized minds, opens our hearts and makes us brave. And that's what we need most in our country today.
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
When I was working at the Sprint store, I got laid off. I was bummed out, but I stayed positive. I used the money I had earned while working there to make my first album. Without that job, maybe 'Corazon Sin Cara' would never had been made. It's a very inspirational story.
I'm not here to impose Sharia law, and I'm not here to have a message about disability being inspirational - I'm here to make people laugh. But when I can layer things and make people not only laugh but question, make people not only laugh but be offended... I have to do that.
We sing inspirational songs, songs of praise and worship, and about how good and how big God is. We are magnifying the Lord.
The leaders who we admire who have been able to bring great change in the past - Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela - they're all inspirational religious leaders and smart tacticians. It would be nice to find the Muslim Gandhi, wouldn't it?
If you look at a building by Mies van der Rohe, it might look very simple, but up close, the sheer quality of construction, materials and thought are inspirational.
Benazir Bhutto was an inspirational leader and an inspirational woman.
All my music is inspirational. You just gotta listen to the words and get what you can get out of it.
I've never been a die-hard Beyonce fan. I always thought she was inspirational and beautiful.
Our ideals are our better selves.
Business gives you a massive high. Doing a great deal, coming up with an inspirational solution... It's very addictive. But it doesn't last long. In isolation, it's a bit sterile. It doesn't reward the soul.
I think Spain will always remain inspirational, and I think French cuisine will continue to be very French and yet very relevant with its time and keep evolving. But the last thing you want for it is to become too trendy and confusing. It has too much history.
In sports teams, apart from talk of sporting prowess and the imparting of inspirational thought, an extraordinary amount of time is spent discussing, and flaunting, material possessions.
I think, aesthetically, car design is so interesting - the dashboards, the steering wheels, and the beauty of the mechanics. I don't know how any of it works, I don't want to know, but it's inspirational.
Reading was very important to me as a kid. It was very inspirational to me. I went to a school where that wasn't encouraged so much, but my parents encouraged that, and it has made me part of who I am.
You see countries like India really investing in their space program because they see it as inspirational and good for their economy.
I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa.
I view art as an inspirational tool.
Almost every college playwright or sketch or improv comedian was sort of aware of Christopher Durang - even kids in high school. His short plays were so accessible to younger people and I think that was inspirational to me.
I worked at The Old Globe Theater under the great baton of Craig Noel. One of the great theater heroes that we have. He was so great and so inspirational. I think I did 'Antony and Cleopatra' and 'The Taming of the Shrew'. I lived in Ocean Beach, and my rent was $140 a month.
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.
Countless as the sands of the sea are human passions.
And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself.
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.
Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see.
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.
Belief creates the actual fact.
The handicap of deafness is not in the ear; it is in the mind.
Every heart that has beat strongly and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.
'Star Wars' is fun, its exciting, its inspirational, and people respond to that. It's what they want.
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.
By now, you've probably caught on to something: my mother is always standing by with just the right Scripture or inspirational saying to get me through any tough situation.
I think anyone who has a passion for what they love to do, and who pursue it, is inspirational for me.
I think that's a great opportunity, to pick a script where you can build up a good skill. I think the main thing I look for when I look at scripts is if it's inspirational. If it's something that teenagers can relate to. And is it something that the audience is going to get something out of. If not, then it's really not worth doing.
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.
We work to create a new wave of feminism that is more inclusive. I want others to feel equal. It's so great to see women in positions of power, which is why other artists, such as Marilyn Minter, are so inspirational to me.
Who would have thought that a tap-dancing penguin would outpoint James Bond at the box office? And deserve to? Not that there's anything wrong with 'Casino Royale.' But 'Happy Feet' - written and directed by George Miller - is a complete charmer, even if, in the way of most family fare, it can't resist straying into the Inspirational.
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
I used to make up stuff in my bio all the time, that I used to be a professional ice-skater and stuff like that. I found it so inspirational. Why not make myself cooler than I am?
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.
The power of pop culture stories should not be underestimated, and there is an enormous potential for inspirational stories that can have a positive, transformative effect on our lives.
Better to be called something positive and inspirational than something negative.
Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God.
My mind's my kingdom.
What's on my playlist when I'm fighting is not so much hip-hop. Sometimes, it's something more inspirational. I get a chance to think about what I'm fighting for, like, my family. It takes me to that state because a lot of times, it's a spiritual warfare for me.
I want to make this world perfect.
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still.
There are thousands of inspirational stories waiting to be told about young women who yearn for a great education. They are stories of struggle and stories of success, and they will inspire others to take action and work to change lives.
I hope that at the end of the seven years, people will say that I have been of some inspirational value to them at home in terms of inclusiveness and abroad, I look forward to representing Ireland.
I look up to a strong woman; maybe that's why I fell for Gaga. She works incredibly hard and is very strong and inspirational like Mom, with a great work ethic.
Coming to Nashville has been so motivating and inspirational. Just watching people live and breathe their music and create something that they can feel from start to finish.
You always draw inspiration from your family or your parents if they've proven to be inspirational. My mother is someone who's always been inspirational to me.
Whatever ought to be, can be.
I would say I'm an inspirational guidelines book. You can take my life story or scenarios or songs and relate to them and apply them to your everyday life.
I look forward to making tangible and inspirational contributions to the Houston Technology Center's initiatives. HTC is an engine behind Houston's and Texas' continued growth.
Inside, I've got a real purist desire and dream about the music. I like the idea of being able to carve out a kind of magical, colourful, artistic, inspirational life. And the reality just turns out to be quite different, working with the business to bring this thing you have created into the world.
I believe in the city as a natural human environment, but we must humanize it. It's art that will re-define public space in the 21st Century. We can make our cities diverse, inspirational places by putting art, dance and performance in all its forms into the matrix of street life.
Teachers need to be more inspirational. But it's also up to engineering to make itself more interesting.
Hopefully, when people see 'Senna', they will understand why this inspirational story needed to be told, why it had to be made as a movie for the big screen, and why it is a film for everyone.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is; whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else.
Traveling around the country, meeting fans and hearing their stories in person and on my radio show has reenergized my commitment to creating honest and inspirational content that not only serves my own creative purposes but can help and touch others as well.
Roosevelt's declaration that Americans had 'nothing to fear but fear itself' was a glorious piece of inspirational rhetoric and just as gloriously wrong.
I do love to eavesdrop. It's inspirational, not only for subject matter but for actual dialogue, the way people talk.
I've lost count of the number of times that I've been approached by strangers wanting to tell me that they think I'm brave or inspirational, and this was long before my work had any kind of public profile.
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
A lot of America is kind of done. People have been making films about it for 100 years. Everything to me feels used up. But Jo-Burg feels unbelievably inspirational to me.
Every song you're trying to find something that going to connect in different ways but for me the songs that I'm really drawn to are inspirational, songs that lift you and that everybody can relate to no matter where you're from.
Personally, I can't see the appeal in trekking down to D.C. for a networking extravaganza, even if it is built around a special moment in American history. While I find the election of Barack Obama inspirational, I don't have a desire to memorialize it with overly effusive celebration.
I think 'Heroes of Cosplay' will show a lot of the positive things, like how much effort it takes to make a costume. These people on the show aren't taking shortcuts. As long as that effort gets through to the viewers, we will be inspirational. Then there will be people who watch the show that want to get in and hands-on make outfits.
I love inspirational R&B, like Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Hudson. I want to do that. That kind of music stays with you.
I wrote '('Til) I Kissed You' about a girl I met in Australia. Her name was Lilian, and she was very, very inspirational. I was married, but... I wrote the song about her on the way back home.
We've been surrounded by images of space our whole lives, from the speculative images of science fiction to the inspirational visions of artists to the increasingly beautiful pictures made possible by complex technologies. But whilst we have an overwhelmingly vivid visual understanding of space, we have no sense of what space sounds like.
Think with your whole body.
Just as you wouldn't leave the house without taking a shower, you shouldn't start the day without at least 10 minutes of sacred practice: prayer, meditation, inspirational reading.
'Get along, go along' is not an inspirational philosophy, and only God knows how much moral cowardice it has covered up over the years. Serve your time, collect your chits, and cash 'em in for your home state? No, I'd say we could ask for more than that from our senators.
Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.
Every video I've made has an inspirational message behind it. Since day one, I thought, 'Okay, I want my audience to be, like, Disney members.' So if that's the case, I have to keep everything rated G.
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me.
We all obviously need others to look up to, and be inspirational to us. Ford did a great job as far as putting the presidency back where it belonged, getting the trust back after Nixon. And President Reagan has been one of the most influential presidents.
It really is an honor if I can be inspirational to a younger singer or person. It means I've done my job.
I really think that it's disgusting that Paris is the only place where it is illegal for paps to follow you around. It actually took someone losing their life - Diana, an inspirational woman - and then it changed, but they still won't change it in London! It's horrible!
Lady Gaga is the present and the future. She is the most revolutionary and inspirational artist. She is fearless and daring.
I thought 'Moulin Rouge' was inspirational, and 'Jesus Christ Superstar' I loved.
We're in a situation where talented, motivated school leavers and graduates can send off a hundred CVs and not get a reply, and where a trip to the Job Centre is depressing rather than inspirational. And you know what, that just feels wrong.
'All in With Laila Ali' is educational, inspirational, compelling programming profiling individuals that have reached for the sky, pushed themselves to the limit and did things that you would think were impossible.
I'm a gay disabled man who has become very successful. I don't get up in the morning and think I'm inspirational; I just get up thinking that I love horses.
I did an A Level in Theatre Studies and had a really inspirational teacher, and then I just went on to university.
In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album.
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.
I am never without my lyric book. If anything inspirational happens, I have it there so nothing's forgotten.
I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing.
Deacon Jones has been the most inspirational person in my football career.
I had an inspirational teacher at my junior school: Peter Nixon. He was enthusiastic, knowledgeable and slightly scary - a good combination for a teacher.
And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.
I've done a lot of albums and I kinda know when I'm onto something that was inspirational for me to record and create, and this was one of those projects where I really enjoyed making the album.
I've been known to write 10 pages a day for 10 days running before I take a breath. I am not a disciplined writer. I'm one of those people who laughingly call themselves inspirational writers, which basically means someone who has no control over their own creative process.
I do like alternative rock and rap, but as far as inspirational, then I go full-on orchestra. It fills up your entire being.
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.
It was incredible being on tour with Taylor Swift: she was the epitome of a professional, and she works so hard. For someone as successful as her to work that hard every night - truly inspirational.
I knew, regardless of anything else, singing in front of an orchestra was going to be inspirational. It would feed me.
I try not to put anything political on the forefront of what I'm trying to do creatively. At the same time, I do think it's wonderful when I hear people say that it's inspirational that I'm an Indian woman on camera. My life is very diverse, and my friends are a diverse group of people.
Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big.
I am very conscious of who I am as an artist and as an inspirational person.
This is just rap. I'm not trying to make people think I'm some sort of scientific wizard or inspirational poet.
I think the end goal, hopefully, is to take advantage of the attention I've gotten along the way and use it for good and build some communities, and as I get older I can continue to do things and be surrounded by things that are inspirational to me.
When I see a friend play Hamlet or see an inspirational performance, I absolutely get excited by the idea of changing things up.
It's as if inside the White House the belief in Obama's inspirational charisma is still such that every time the ugliness of brute politics intrudes, it's a startling revelation.
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss.
I think being directed and mentored by someone as inspirational as Paul Feig not only improves my performance but, as a whole, makes it what it is.
This CD became something of a personal journey for me. The tone of the whole CD is uplifting and inspirational. It's an upper. We have enough downers in the world.
It is so inspirational, to see that in the world of Westeros, men are answering to women, and they are a force to be reckoned with. It's empowering, and it's inspirational as well, because you're just like, 'This is great!'
What they have done in Japan, which I find so inspirational, is they've brought the toilet out from behind the locked door. They've made it conversational. People go out and upgrade their toilet. They talk about it. They've sanitized it.
The hymn 'Amazing Grace' is so inspirational - I wish I'd written it.
If my writing comes to a halt, I head to the shops: I find them very inspirational. And if I get into real trouble with my plot, I go out for a pizza with my husband.
Growing up, in church we had the homily; at home it's what I call the 'momily' - the inspirational and instructive mom-isms that every family has.
I love a lot of the New York bands, but Patti Smith stands out. I just read 'Just Kids' and it's an inspirational, well-written account of an emerging New York artist in the late seventies.
Although he's no longer with us, Steve Jobs is still inspirational to me, as he managed to find the balance between right brain/left-brain thinking that is crucial to building a creative technology business.
My tastes and inspirational artists were always rather eclectic and diverse.
The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive.
My initial goal for the 1984 opening ceremonies was a show that would be majestic, inspirational, and emotional - a 20 goosebump experience.
Barack Obama's inspirational whoosh to the presidency in 2008 was unusual. Most campaigns are less exhilarating; indeed, they are downright disappointing - until someone wins.
When Bill Clinton ran in '92, and I listened to him, and I had of course known of his record from Arkansas, I found him extraordinarily inspirational, and I voted Democratic.
Kunta Kinte is the closest thing I've ever seen... to a superhero. He's amazing. He's inspirational.
Since we launched the original 'Pop Idol' in England, I've remained close with Simon Fuller. Working as executive producer on 'American idol' for its first seven years not only was an inspirational journey into the heart of American pop culture, it opened my eyes to the untapped potential of the incredibly dynamic young people in this world.
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.
The government will see that human spaceflight is useful - for science and the economy - and inspirational.
I always like a woman in power in politics. I think they're pretty inspirational in terms of looks to begin with. It's very calculated.
I had hoped when my life was chronicled, it would be an inspirational story.
I do a lot of inspirational talks for kids, to motivate them to change their lives and give them hope.
I pull a lot of the stuff that I play off the rhythm tracks - and Keith Richards has been one of the main contributors to my inspirational playing.
I would probably work with Drake as he is massively inspirational to me as a writer as well as an artist. If not him, then Susan Boyle!
I'm very fond of the British cinema. I'm a big fan of Martin Campbell and Daniel Craig. I actually find Daniel very inspirational, especially on the physical side of things. He really inspired me to get back into shape when I started to add on a few pounds. I think he's a great role model.
I grew up in a very spiritual home in a Liberty City neighborhood of Miami, FL. I was raised in the church, and my mother was a very inspirational person in my life.
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things; that's all.
Silent pictures show us how we lived and what our attitudes were. And as an art form, they can be wonderfully entertaining and often inspirational.
Thelonious Monk was one of the musicians I most connected with early on. I'm a huge Betty Carter fan, and the way that Abbey Lincoln and Shirley Horn grew immensely from the time they were young is so inspirational.
I want to be an inspirational model. I want people to look at me and say, 'Wow, she looks healthy.'
I will always desire to play with Bruce Springsteen. He's the most inspirational, most dedicated, most committed and most focused artist I've ever seen. I like to be around people like that.
There have been many different artists that have been inspirational. I suppose the question is directed to what was the reason why I went into fantasy illustration.
Lee's great gifts are teaching and inspirational guidance, not administration and management.
I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.
